Hey, we're live.
Yay.
Welcome to Python Bytes, everybody in the video world.
So welcome, Michael.
Hey, you ready to get started?
Let's do it.
A lot of good things.
We got to get to them.
Yeah.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and
headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is Episode 315, recorded December 20, 2022, almost the end of the year.
I am Brian Okken.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
It is almost the end of the year.
Are you guys, you ready for Christmas and everything?
Yeah.
Starting to think about Christmas, maybe try to do some skiing.
You know, it's getting cold and it's snowing in the mountains around here.
So yeah, getting there.
Anyway.
Um, why don't you kick us off with our first story?
All right.
Let's let's go.
Let's talk some Jupyter server.
So this is an announcement by Zach Saylor,
and it says, "Jupyter Server 2.0 is released."
Now we know what Jupyter is,
we know what Jupyter Notebooks are,
we know what JupyterLab is.
Well, Jupyter Server is the core web server
that powers those things.
So when you pull up JupyterLab or Jupyter Notebook,
you're talking to a server,
oftentimes that's a local host little thing running,
but other times it's a centralized server that's set up for
like students or a research group,
or it's set up on a supercomputer near a bunch of data
that you log into it.
And it runs locally on that, right?
So it's the core of Jupyter in a lot of ways.
So 2.0, that's a big deal, right?
- I think so.
- Yeah, I get it. - It's new features, right?
- In open source, when something goes
from one major version to another,
that's usually a pretty big deal.
So let's hit some of the highlights.
So one of them is a new identity API.
One of the farther looking out features of Jupyter server
that they're hoping to bring
is like a Google Docs like experience.
So real-time collaboration experiences.
There are some, but I'm making them better.
And around this, having multiple people
working on a single notebook,
you need to have a good way to work with identity.
So there's a new identity API in Jupyter server
that makes it possible.
It is configurable, pluggable.
You can even swap out your own identity provider
to authenticate users with any provider.
So within your organization, you could do single sign on,
all those types of fun things.
- Oh, neat.
- Yeah.
Related to that, you have authorization.
So once you know who you are, what can you do?
Enabling collaboration on a notebook
shouldn't just mean you have access
to everything on the server or nothing on the server,
but you maybe have access to these notebooks,
but not those notebooks.
Or maybe you can read that notebook and not write to it.
So there's this new authorization API
that allows you to share certain notebooks
with certain people, even if they have access to the server.
Okay, so that's pretty cool.
Again, with the collaboration stuff,
there's a new event system API coming along
and they created this package called Jupyter events
that allows for JSON based event driven system over here.
So a lot of cool things that should be coming.
So it's like a foundational piece
so that they can add more events,
more interactivity and so on.
There's a new kernel WebSocket API.
It ships with its own kernel manager.
I suspect most people are not messing with that,
but it's down in the guts.
In JupyterLab, you can open up a terminal.
Now this terminal service is a server extension
and it can be optionally disabled
because it's an extension, which is cool.
And Brian, the last one for you.
They say, "As we work to increase our test coverage
to 80% major thank you to Steve Sylvester.
We built a handy set of Pytest fixtures that can benefit Jupyter
developers and extension authors.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
We released Pytest, Jupyter, a bunch of fixtures and other Pytest goodies for
Jupyter core libraries and extensions.
That's nice.
I'm actually going to check this out and I think it'd be cool to get one of those
folks on to test and code to talk about it.
So I'll, I'll reach out to them.
Yeah.
I think that'd be great too.
All right.
Well, there you have it, the core of Jupyter got a little bit better.
Nice.
Well, what do we I'm next? So I guess what do I got? I, I actually so last week, we were it was just last week, actually, time flies. We were talking about automatically converting stuff like having having other programs convert your Python code, modify your code, and all
the different ways you can do that.
And one of the things I said was,
it'd be cool if we had some ways to convert from setup.py
to setup.cfg--
or from setup systems to pyproject.toml.
And so, of course, lots of people
reached out to me and said, there's already some ways
that you should take a look at.
So thank you, Christian Klaus, and Brian Skin,
and others for reaching out and letting me know.
The first one-- actually, the main thing
I wanted to talk about was a thing called ini.toml.
So this is a project that takes--
it converts-- it attempts to convert
ini files or CFG files to toml.
They say it's experimental.
So what is-- I thought I was looking at setup.py files.
Well, actually, a lot of large projects
are not just setup.py.
They've moved a lot of the settings from setup.py
to setup.cfg.
So this is still helpful.
This isn't going to--
I don't think I can grab your setup.py file if that's
the only thing you're using.
But if you're using setup.cfg, maybe this will help.
Converts to a TOML file.
And it says it's experimental, but that's all right.
So it's kind of fun.
There's a couple versions of it.
One of the versions, it's light.
And it's got late, L-I-T-E, and full.
And the light version has less calories.
No.
The light version creates a TOML file,
but the full version will try to get your comments over too.
So convert your comments into TOML-compliant comments.
That's pretty neat.
So I would definitely try that.
What did I?
I don't think I tried this.
I didn't try this, but it looks pretty fun.
So a way to automatically change that.
So be fine to grab that.
And I've heard from people that they have used this
to convert their project, at least the initial batch.
But at least Christian mentioned
that they needed to clean it up a bit afterwards.
So one of the tools they used
was a thing called pyproject-format.
And what this does is, and I did try this, it's pretty neat.
It takes like your, if you got any PyProject.toml file
and it converts it to a known way to set it up.
So it takes over.
- It's like black for project files.
- Kind of, yeah.
But one of the things with like the toml syntax
is you can have like, you know, like in any file,
you can have things in any order you want
and it's still valid.
but are you gonna be able to find it there?
I mean, if you're working with lots of projects,
it'd be really nice if like the authors
were in a similar place
and the dependencies were in a similar place
'cause they could be like all over the place
and it's easier to find them
if they're in the right place and formatted the same.
And I mean, who really cares how much, how it's formatted
as long as it looks good and it's proper.
So I think this is a neat idea.
I tried it on a couple of my projects, and it worked OK.
So I don't want to put that in asterisks.
So you want to check what you get afterwards.
Because one of the things it did, which I didn't expect it
to, was it replaced--
it took the name of my project and replaced dashes
with underscores.
And I know that a library, you can't have a dash in the thing
you're importing, but the name of the project
that is where it shows up on PyPI and everywhere else,
it can have a dash in it.
And traditionally-- and I was using it on a pytest plugin.
Traditionally, we do have dashes.
We say pytest dash something.
So it needs to stay a dash.
Don't translate it.
So that was a little shocking.
>>Do you want it to be pytest underscore check?
>>Yeah, no, I don't want it to be that.
So I did submit an issue.
I'm sure it's a minor thing.
But at least I know it's there.
So to check it out.
So a neat tool to for auto format it
and a couple other tools that were kind of neat
pipe validate PI project.
Just a moment.
Can you still see me?
Okay.
- Yeah, it seems fine.
- Something happened on my computer.
Anyway, it just validates to make sure everything's fine.
And I ran it on a couple of projects and nothing happened.
I'm like, oh, it must be good.
So I inserted some errors just to see what would happen.
And it's pretty terse.
It pretty much just says like,
there's an error on this line at this column or something.
And so it was still helpful.
You can go count and figure out where the project might be,
but kind of a neat validator.
But for validation, and I'm not sure what I was checking,
but it says it's JSON schema definition defined driven.
So you could probably check it out.
- Interesting, it probably converts it to JSON
and then run it through JSON schema or something like that.
- Oh, you think so?
Maybe. - Yeah, probably.
- Might.
One of the things that I wanted to bring up
when validating TOML files and projects
is don't forget TOX.
So using TOX to go ahead and...
what the default of TOCs, you can use it for lots of stuff,
but the default works great for me for this,
which is say, to take your project, build it,
put it in a virtual environment and install it there.
And you'll catch things like,
you forgot to specify a dependency,
or missing dependencies,
or you forgot some code or something like that.
You'll catch it if you test it.
So test your projects.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah, those are a bunch of great little tools.
I didn't know about hardly any of them.
I'm starting to do more with pyproject.toml, it's nice.
- And it's--
- Hatch and hatchling and pyproject.toml.
- Oh yeah, hatch is fun.
So hatch and hatchling.
- It sure is.
All right, well, quick word from our sponsor
before we move on, do you think?
- Yeah, it sounds great.
So this episode of Python Bytes is brought to you
by Microsoft for Startups.
Starting a business is hard.
By some estimates, over 90% of startups
will go out of business within the first year.
With this in mind, Microsoft for Startups set out
to understand what startups need to be successful
and create a digital platform
to help overcome those challenges.
And it's Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
Founders Hub provides all founders at any stage
with free resources to help solve startup challenges.
The platform provides technology benefits,
access to expert guidance and skilling resources,
mentorship and networking connections, and so much more.
Unlike others in the industry,
Microsoft for Startup, Founders Hub,
doesn't require startups to be investor backed
or third party validated to participate.
Founders Hub is truly open to all.
So what do you get?
You get to speed up development
with free access to GitHub and Microsoft Cloud
with the ability to unlock credits over time.
And to help your startup innovate,
Founders Hub is partnering with innovative companies
like OpenAI, a global leader in AI research
and deployment to provide exclusive benefits and discounts.
Through Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub,
becoming a founder is no longer about who you know.
You'll have access to their mentorship network,
giving you access to a pool of hundreds of mentors
across a range of disciplines,
across areas like idea validation, fundraising,
management, coaching, sales, marketing,
as well as specific technical stress points.
You'll be able to book a one-on-one meeting
with the mentors,
many of whom are former founders themselves.
Make your ideas a reality today
with the critical support you'll get
from Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub.
To join the program,
visit pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022,
or of course, go to your show notes for this episode
and click the link there.
Indeed, thanks to Microsoft for supporting our show.
Very cool program.
All right, let's talk about the cloud.
We're going to round this whole episode out
with a little bit of talk about the cloud as well.
Specifically though, serverless and functions.
Brian, have you done anything with functions
like AWS Lambda or DigitalOcean
or any of those Azure functions?
- Not for a while.
I played with it when I learned about them,
but I haven't done anything lately.
- Yeah, they're neat.
I've been thinking about this project.
I'm not even close to committing to it
and not gonna give away too many details
until I'm more willing to put time and energy into it.
But something that requires interaction
from many, many different geographical locations.
And one thing that's really cool about Lambda
and serverless, these functions,
is you only pay while they're running.
And so if you want to say,
I wanna have 20 different locations
in which I can, like geolocations throughout the world,
I could do certain things,
but I'm not gonna do them very often.
Well, having a bunch of functions,
many of them on these different parts of the cloud
would be really awesome.
And if you're working with AWS Lambda,
there's certain APIs for doing this,
obviously that AWS puts out,
but what if you were a Python developer
and you wanted to use Python?
So I present to you AWS Lambda Power Tools Python,
a suite of utilities for AWS Lambda functions
that makes distributed tracing, structured logging,
custom metrics and item potency
and many leading best practices easier.
And it is all based on Python.
So you can just write your Python code
and start working with this API.
This one came to us from,
let me make sure I got this right,
via Mark Pender.
So thanks, Mark, for sending this in.
It also happens to be available in Java, TypeScript,
and .NET.
But if you come down and look at the features,
there's all sorts of different bits of Python code
and classes or modules that you can use that do things
like distributed tracing.
Because if you're on a serverless thing
and something you want to keep track of,
some sort of logging or performance.
Those things are super transient.
They don't have a hard drive where you append to the log
or anything like that.
So having that kind of setup would be great.
Use a Pydantic for data parsing.
But there's just a bunch of built in parts of this library
that you can use within your functions,
your serverless functions to make it better.
So it's got tracing, which includes decorators
and utilities to trace Lambda functions,
both synchronous and asynchronous.
There you go. Structured logging,
metrics that asynchronously go up to CloudWatch.
Remember, this is AWS.
Event handlers for putting stuff over into GraphQL.
You can build your own middleware,
like something that runs before and after the request.
That's really, really handy.
like only certain types of clients should be able to call this over the web.
Batch processing, typing validation, a bunch of other stuff, parsing, streaming.
So you can actually set it up to, instead of loading some massive data set into your function,
you can just stream that data in and process it as it goes.
So there's tutorials and there's some example applications.
There's a serverless shopping cart, a serverless airline.
That's a pretty big one.
Serverless e-commerce platform and some graph.
Serverless, let me just say this,
it's not a joke, it's serious.
Serverless GraphQL nanny booking API.
There it is.
- Sure, nice.
- Anyway, if people are doing serverless,
especially if they're doing AWS Lambda, this might be cool.
John, she and the audience points out that Zappa
works great for quickly deploying Flask apps as...
Yeah.
So if you look at AWS,
Zappo, OEM, Flask,
that's probably a sufficient search.
Right, that's a pretty cool project.
I believe we covered that way, way back in the day.
So basically, it turns your Flask routes
into serverless function calls as well.
So anyway, here's some nice tools.
I suspect you could probably put those together as well.
Right?
Like you're tracing and logging,
you could probably still put inside of a Zappo,
but I haven't tried that combination.
- Cool.
Neat.
Well, I'm looking forward
to whatever secret project you're working.
- There's like a 17 and a half percent chance
that that actually comes to first
'cause it's got a lot of operational overhead.
I'm not sure I want to like put myself on pager duty.
- Yeah.
I do want to hear what you got next.
- Well, I wanted to talk--
- Our friend Bob is on the screen, so.
- Yeah, so I wanted to talk about Bob Bilderboss
and actually his GitHub profile.
Several people have done things like this.
So we're looking at Bob's GitHub profile.
And one of the things you see
that's different than the default is you see,
you see some stuff at the top,
like the latest PyBytes articles
and latest Python tips and even latest fostered on toots.
So that's kind of neat, but how did he do this?
Well, luckily he's got a link at the bottom that says
how to create a self-updating GitHub readme.
And we did talk about this way back in 2020,
Simon Willison had a blog post about that.
And so we'll link to the episode and Simon's also.
And Bob actually says he was inspired by both Simon
And I think Brett Cannon as well has a updated readme.
But I really like this article.
So it's just a little short thing saying,
hey, I started doing updating my profile,
GitHub profile with some tools.
And then he just published all the tools.
So that's pretty awesome.
First of all, he's got a script.
So the script that runs,
of course he has it up on GitHub as well.
And it just goes through and collects
all of this data for him.
And the script's pretty easy to read, you know,
not terrible, go through and it has links
to where he's getting the information.
And then all of it is used to fill out,
all that data is used to fill out a template,
which he also published the template.
It's a markdown file that, yeah, he uses for that.
And then all of it's pulled together with a GitHub action.
- Wait, we go back for just a second there.
It looks like it's a markdown file
that has Jinja template language in it.
So hit it with Jinja and it generates the final markdown.
I think that's pretty cool.
- Yeah, how's it look?
I didn't look exactly where the template's being used
in the code, but--
- Yeah, I don't see it either, but it's, you know,
you can put, you don't have to have well-formed HTML
for Jinja to run.
You can just jam it against anything.
For example, the RSS feed for Python bytes
is generated using just like an XML template
with markup language in it like this.
- Yeah, it does look like he's using
Jinja template itself out of the Jinja2 project
to render it, so.
- Yeah, cool. - Nice.
And then the whole thing is run by GitHub Action
and it auto commits.
So using another project that GitHub auto-commit,
but the whole thing's pulled together and runs whenever.
So once a day, and when does it run?
Well, it's a cron job.
So I had to use my handy decoder
'cause I can never remember that stuff, crontab.guru.
It's 8.45 in the morning.
It goes off and runs this.
So kind of neat.
I wanted to try this.
So I highlighted it again because it's been on my to-do list since 2020.
I haven't done it yet.
One of the things that I'm hoping it will do is it'll highlight that I haven't posted
any articles recently and it'll get me off my rump and write some more.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You'll have to take on the philosophy that I did as well.
Like, you know what?
Two paragraphs, that's a perfectly fine blog post.
- Yeah, definitely.
- I learned something and also the today I learned
sort of thing as well.
So I like that.
- Yeah, that was very popular.
Well, that's quite a nice one.
- That's all of our normal items now.
- It is.
- Yeah.
- It is, you got any, well, let me go to my extras first
since I got a follow up for this one.
- Okay.
- I got a few extras, I know that we both do.
So you talked about crontab.guru, right?
People haven't seen this before.
I just learned about this,
that there's this funky syntax for cron jobs,
but there's this site crontab.guru
that lets you put in like, well, I want a five there.
It says every minute past hour five,
if you just say star five, star, star, star, for example,
or if you put, what's it, like store over 20,
every 20 minutes, you know, past every minute
past the 20th hour or like, there's weird syntax here,
but there's this cool little site
that you referenced to show.
- Oh, wow, yeah.
Yeah, I was curious if you could do like
just day of the week and not,
and like no Sunday, Saturday and Sunday,
how you would do that, but.
- Yeah, probably.
Yeah, there's 20 star now.
Anyway, there's a whole bunch of different things
and a little bit of a description on how this works.
But way more interesting than I knew.
All right, so let me tell you about a few things real quick.
I've been playing with Canary Mail.
Canary Mail is like a mail client,
like Spike or Outlook or whatever.
One of the, like Thunderbird,
one of the client side rich email clients.
This thing just added an AI capability
called Inbox Copilot, which is a lot like GitHub Copilot.
And so you just go to it and you just say,
"Hey there, email, write me a message that says this."
So for example, you could just say,
like if you got a message asking
if you're gonna be able to make the,
So meaning you could just say, you type CCC anywhere
and your message it pulls up this little separate window
that you talk to the AI and you just say,
tell them, apologize, I'll be late by 20 or 30 minutes
traffic and that's all you say.
And it writes like a really nice formal,
like well-written, friendly, not terse message back.
So I'm gonna try to start playing with this
a little bit more, we'll see how it goes.
I already had the app, it just came with this co-pilot.
I'm like, okay, that's pretty interesting.
So people can check that out.
I don't even know what it costs, just to be clear,
not an ad, this episode is sponsored by Microsoft,
but yeah, it's like $20 a year,
you know, not a terribly expensive thing to play with.
All right, next one is,
this is a tweet from the Python package index itself.
And the status is, Python, or the message is,
Python 3.11 delivers.
Check this out, Brian.
So they show some kind of analytics,
real-time performance graph of the G-unicorn
to Python worker processes that power PyPI
from Python 3.10 and when they upgraded to 3.11.
It's pretty striking, huh?
- Yeah, totally.
That just went down in load drastically.
- You look at, I mean, it dropped at least 50%
of usage there.
And then if you, this is a pretty zoomed in picture,
someone else, Dustin Ingram, it was, tweeted,
well, you should see it over time more.
Look at, bam, there's this huge jump in the middle.
This is when they restarted it.
Whenever you restart the app,
it doesn't have all of its caches
and all that stuff warmed up.
And potentially they even maybe had to throw away
like Redis cache data if they were pickling it
because 3.10 and 3.11 didn't,
you know, they might not be compatible in a binary way.
So anyway, there's like this kind of like,
ouch, you restarted us, it hurts type of thing.
But then after that, it really, really drops.
I mean, at least 50% or 2X more for 3.10 than 3.11.
So that's really massive.
- That's pretty cool.
- Anyway, so 3.11 delivers, people can check that out.
And this is, I mean, there's a lot of traffic on pypi.org,
right, 'cause it's not just the human browser traffic.
It's every time you pip install something,
every time you do a Docker build
and it runs pip install some,
like all the robots of the world
are just hammering this thing, you know?
- Yeah, yep.
- Yep, all right, so that's a good one.
I was just in Las Vegas this weekend, that was fun.
- Thanks for rubbing it in.
(laughing)
- Such a great time.
Went to see the Blue Man Group
and we went to see Cirque du Soleil.
We had breakfast at like a beautiful brunch.
They even had a, you know how some places
have like a little omelet factory
where you can have some eggs or whatever.
And you tell them, they had a donut, one of those as well.
So they'll make custom donuts for you on the spot.
It was outrageous.
Why do I bring this up?
Not to rub in whether or not I was in Vegas,
but it was my first chance to test out my iPad
as my only dev device traveling experience.
My first trip since I'd tried all those tools.
And it worked pretty fabulously actually.
Just took my iPad and my ergonomic keyboard
so I don't give myself carpal tunnel again.
And it worked great.
So all those tools we talked about,
people maybe all find a way,
if people wanna know,
find a way to link back to that episode.
- Able to monitor the Michael Kennedy empire from remote.
- Indeed, yeah.
even I busted in and installed some Linux security updates
real quick and then drop back out. It was all good. tailed
some logs. Yeah, it was fine. Most I wrote email. That's,
that's what my empire is about is right email. All right.
Here's another good one. Linux, Amazon, meta, and Microsoft want
to break the Google Maps monopoly. So apparently, Google
Maps owns a significant portion of the mapping data and the
street view data and so on.
But all those groups I mentioned are working on
creating this thing called Overture Maps Foundation.
And they're gonna create an open source,
open to everyone set of maps by pulling in some of
existing open map data, but also really doubling down
on trying to add more information.
That's pretty cool, right?
So if you wanna do anything with mapping,
that might be getting a lot better.
- Yeah, I haven't seen the word TomTom in a long time.
I know.
I actually had my hands on a TomTom device this summer.
It was insane.
All right, last one before we get to our joke.
I decided my laptop that had zero stickers on it was boring.
So I went completely bonkers.
Got a completely--
I went to Redbubble, ordered an insane number of stickers
and put it on my laptop.
What do you think of this thing, Brian?
Put the link and the picture in the show notes.
- I like the laptop opening and closing tags.
- Yeah, it's got a bracket laptop at the top of the laptop
and it's got a bracket slash laptop at the bottom.
- Yeah, you got Python bytes there, it's nice.
I gotta get you a testing code sticker.
- Get in there, we'll find a spot.
I replaced the Mac icon with a terminal icon.
So it was pretty good.
- Yeah.
- Anyway, that was a lot of fun.
Okay, but that's it for my extras.
How about yours?
- I had a few extras.
So I just don't have a lot to add to these,
but I'd noticed this is kind of interesting.
So GitHub, I think this was on December 15th,
announced that they're able to check for security leaks.
And I'm linking to an article that they can check
your GitHub repos for security leaks,
like secrets and stuff.
Apparently that's how a lot of secrets get leaked
is people like actually merge request
a bunch of secrets or something.
But the, so it's kind of cool that it's there.
I went, there's some, it says you have to turn it on.
I went to check one of my repos
and it looked like it was already on.
So may as well check it anyway.
So I wanted to shout out to Julia Evans,
did I get that right?
Julia Evans, she's written a whole bunch of great stuff
to help programmers,
but she just released Pocket Guide to Debugging.
And I was pretty intrigued by this.
One of the things that highlighted was asking for help.
and writing a tiny program that reproduces the problem.
Those are two things that I really encourage people to do
before they waste too much time.
So I might throw some money away
because those are really great free tips.
- Yeah, that's cool.
- There's a, I found this, what?
Python Easter eggs repository.
Not all of these work anymore.
So I tried the first one,
the import hello on Python 3.11 doesn't seem to work,
but a bunch of these others are really pretty fun.
Import this of course is there.
One of the things that I think I knew about at one point
but I forgot about was the from future import
Barry as Fluffle.
So this was a joke from 2009 that's still in Python 3.11
that it's Barry Warsaw,
it's like a joke from Barry Warsaw and Brett Cannon.
And if you do that, it completely,
it removes the not equal, like the pound,
like the bang equal sign with less than, greater than
for not equal.
So the joke being if Barry was the dictator for life,
he would change it.
So anyway, it's kind of funny.
- FLFL stands for Friendly Language Uncle for Life.
- And there's even a PEP for it.
So you can read about the BPEP 401 with this.
Anyway.
- Nice.
- Just a few extras. - Yeah, those are fun.
So it could have been our joke.
It could have been our joke section.
- It could have been our joke section,
but we have another joke, don't we?
- We do.
So I told you we'd wrap this up
with some stuff about the cloud.
So here's a nice little conversation
a father and a daughter are having.
They're out walking in a park,
looking up at the sky and they see a cloud,
mostly empty sky, and the kid says,
"Dad, what are clouds made of?"
The dad looks down and clearly says,
"Linux servers, mostly."
(both laughing)
That's good, right?
- Yeah, it's good.
- Even when they're serverless,
they're probably still Linux things running
and Docker running and a Kubernetes cluster
running on Linux.
- Serverless is a hilarious word.
It just means you don't know where the server is.
- Yeah, it's like server's not my problem.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Well, this show is not a problem.
It was a lot of fun.
- It was a lot of fun.
Thanks so much for joining us and showing up again.
And thanks everybody in the audience.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Hey, before we go, I have one quick more announcement
really, really quickly.
Next week, for those of you who are kind enough
to drop in and join us live,
We're not doing a live show.
We're gonna do a crossover episode
with Talk Python and vice versa.
Python bites on Talk Python.
And Brian, we're gonna be on vacation.
So I'll see you in January.
- All right, talk to everybody in January.
- Yeah, so happy new year, everyone.
See you later.
- Bye.
Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]